you may recognize me from previous
meetups
uh and dietrich ayala i work on the fpfs
team
the lead for the ecosystems working
group you may
know us from a lot of different things
that you see around the project
and you see and events like these
and i'm going to talk to you for just a
couple minutes about who we are
the things that we're doing uh all some
of the big things that we ship this year
and what we're gonna do next
so these are some of the faces of the
people that are behind
events like this uh blog posts that we
write
other events that we put on around the
community a lot of the work that you see
when you see
us moving github repos around or landing
support for integration with other
developer libraries or
publishing research or doing things like
the
annual 2020 planning that molly talked
about before
um that shot from a restaurant obviously
is from
earlier this year when that was a thing
that we could do and
um a lot of new people on the team this
year that sadly we have yet to meet in
person but work closely with together
all of the time
and you see the fruits of their work in
front of you every day
as the project runs some of the areas
that we work on the ecosystem working
group
things like community development and
engagement contribute experience
documentation all the events that you
see
uh ipfs participation events and some of
the content that we do there
when um we do things like fix websites
or plan new versions of websites
uh that's also some of the folks on
ecosystem and related teams and
um also track figuring out what
what are the things that we're doing
actually achieving the goals that we
have
are they having the impact that we want
to see metrics and
our tracking of success um of some of
these some of these efforts
are areas that we work on that
it was a big year even with all the
other things going on we did a lot of
things
in the first half we had a a bigger team
and took on a number of big initiatives
that i'll talk about in a few minutes
and uh second half of the year really
focusing in on
a few different project operational
things as well as helping out a number
of other projects and helping out with
other launches that were happening uh
and our interplanetary stack
the first half of the year we actually
had a super group we had
three different uh smaller working
groups rolled up into one mega ecosystem
group
where we did a bunch of things that you
may recognize that jacob talked about
some of these before like the jsi pfest
model repo work making it easier for
developers to contribute
uh fewer prs per change uh
was one of the goals there that we
achieved we joined at east denver and
saw a bunch of you
at the ipfs and friends event the day
before
organized by the crypterado community
and
we've shipped major things like idfs
docs that quarter
as well as things like the opera android
that
uh integration that molly mentioned
second half the year we had a smaller
group
that went in uh as
into other projects really helping
accelerate and amplify
the the work there be able to launch
things like docs in dram and file
being doing developer research
understanding one of the challenges that
developers have that developers have in
their journey
in developing ips-based applications
working with
different collabs who are already
building on ipfs
and helping them understand what
filecoin can offer
as well as new things like integration
with
more browsers one of the big areas that
we focus on was developer experience
making it easier to for us to develop
and maintain ipfs make it easier for you
to contribute to ipfs
we do that much in a number of different
ways docs research
content and uh developer economics
ergonomics
changes in content strategy and websites
we
we overhauled the newsletter we got a
lot of great feedback
from the people who i think we missed
one and immediately heard from a bunch
of folks
uh how important that is for people to
be able to keep up with what's happening
in
the wide world of ipfs uh things like an
audit of the entire ecosystem of content
we have how many websites do we actually
have that's a thing we know now and we
know
how which ones are used which ones are
really important and which ones we need
to be able to
keep content fresh and up to date on for
your needs overall
community health be able to see with the
ecosystem dashboard
become a tool that we used uh regularly
and still lean on pretty heavily today
to understand
how things are going in the overall ipfs
community making sure that we're
responding
to the issues that you file as you can
see here we measure our response time
to every issue that you file i we also
did a number of things like
bots to be able to know when new posts
happen
on stack overflow hacker news in the
forum to make sure that people are
getting response
and understanding the the full force
level view of our ecosystem
uh for metrics we're measuring a number
of different things in both
networks the community developer
engagement and a bunch of other areas to
make sure
that the work that we're having is
having an impact uh and we also
go all of well not physically go we now
virtually go all over the place still
we had a bunch of different events this
year consensus academy we we did a
course there
uh we transitioned from the weekly
monday meet up
to these monthly virtual meetups as one
of the efforts of this group this year
so thanks for joining us here today and
the um
other events external events we're at
paris blockchain week this week we
participated at distributed camp ready
layer one and a bunch of other different
events this year
and we also work on the collabs and
grants program so managing the
relationships that we have with big ipfs
users and making sure that we understand
uh by interviewing them periodically
understand what their needs are making
sure that their their prs and changes
and protocol changes are
happening and uh working with grants to
be able to
fund and accelerate some of the big
changes that we want to see in the ipfs
ecosystem
uh one of the big things that we
announced last week was brave nightly
having support for a full ipfs node
that's going to happen in january in the
release channel
so expect more announcements and
communication there but that's
the wide spectrum of what ips ecosystem
does
you